Whatever component it may be (Motor drivers, PS2, etc) please read the datasheet

Codeing
1. Solved 
Issue :- PS2 giving wrong bitmaps.
Cause :- The delay between 2 consecutive bits is very less
Solution :-  Increase the delay between 2 bits

2. Solved
Issue :- Disconnecting the PS2 keeps the system on in previous state
Cause :- Dont know the exact reason
Solution :- Always keep a check on id of PS2 during communication, when disconnected this will not give the required id and particular action can be taken

3. Unsolved 
Issue :- Duel Motor drivers (Herculus) getting damaged
Cause(Maybe) :- The PWM frequency given to drivers is more than 10KHz or there is static charge interaction with drivers.

4. Solved 
Issue :- When PH2(XCK2 External Clock of USART2) used as gpio for Chip select of max7219, timer 4 does not function.
Cause :- Dont know
Solution (Temporariy) :- Close the USART2 module from PRR1 register

5. Solved 
Issue :- One Locomotion motor(OCR4A) not working when we used encoder which had software interrupt on timer 0(OC2B)
Cause :- Pins OCR4A and OC2B are same
Solution :- Use different channel for encoder interrupt

6. Solved
Issue :- The memory of eeprom gets erased when performing a code burn
Cause :- While burning the code the a eeprom erase cycle is performed
Solution :- Setting EESAVE fuse bit does not perform a erase cycle

7. Solved
Issue :- Consider a multi-functionality of PS2, R2 + UP, UP. When pressed UP the bot moves forward, when pressed R2 + UP the bot does its functionality and moves forward too
Cause :- Same button functionality
Solution :- Keep a check on default value of data of R2, when UP button is pressed i.e. if(data[0]==UP && data[1]==0xff){}

8. Unsolved
Issue :- When using 14.7MHz guideway works fine, but its direction gives 11 when using 8MHz. Its pins are PF4 (ADC4), PF5 (ADC5).
Cause :- Dont Know
Solution :- Changed the dir bits of guideway on 8MHz

Elec
1. Check the specs of motors, motor drivers and all other components
2. Always use fuse in the circuit
3. Try to keep circuits isolated
4. Try to keep different components (fuse, motor drivers, sensors, motors, etc) seperated and isolated
5. Check if there is static charge, magnets, water, etc near components. Use antistatic materials like polymer, wood, etc below each component. Stick double tabe below all components.
6. To check voltage drop/rise across components which have a inductor coil, we need to disconnect that component and check across terminals. Inductors have a different voltage drop/rise function(said by rao).
